hi guys so today I'm going to show you
some of the beauty products that i have
here from the etude house so it should
has is a korean brand of beauty products
and what I love the most with this
product is that it makes your skin
smooth and it brighten up your face it
also helps to minimize on your pores
which is really helpful to prevent from
getting pimples blackheads and even like
this okay by the way guys I would like
to say sorry if I am using my headphone
right now because the speaker of my
computer is not working so sorry for
that okay so anyways i'm going to show
to you now the cleansing foam that i am
music so for my cleansing foam i am
using yogurt peel cleansing foam super
berry mix okay it contains yogurt i love
yogurt and fine granules of berry mix
which helps to gently exfoliate your
skin and to moisturize your skin so i'm
using this every day okay the other one
that i have here is the baking powder
pore cleansing for okay cool it is
formulated rid of baking powder and
again it also gently exfoliate your skin
this one is really good to tighten up
your pores but actually this is my
sister's a cleansing foam haha I'm sorry
i I'm sorry sister al I show it to them
but i try this one too
it's really good and it also smells good
okay so the other one that I have here
is my happy teatime a low-tech cleansing
cream it serves as my makeup remover
okay this one guys is really really
helpful because it helps you to remove
all the dirt and all the makeups that
you have especially if you are using a
waterproof makeup so this one is really
good and it helps you to feel relaxed
because it means that it made up of a
loti okay this one so if it's purely
white coming okay so i'm using this one
it's really good the other one i have
here is my mini size you poor refresh
toner and this one is really really good
I super like it and it's really
effective to close your course because
before I have a super big purse but now
I still have but it's getting better
compared before and it's not really all
visible it's not super visible unlike
before and it also prevents pimples and
it's also why tansy or your face which
is really good
and it really smells good the other one
that I have here is my poor powder toner
for powder tone toner is I think this
one is made up of rice wine and its
really good to the other one I have here
is my poor smoother of serum this one is
really nice because it helps you to look
fresh and it helps you do to make your
face or make your skin smooth you can
use this before you go to sleep
featuring nighttime this one is my poor
control emulsion and i also like this
and you can use this cheering daytime or
nighttime it serves as a your face
lotion ok so those are the things that i
have and i just not want to add mine ok
where I said it was just like to add my
it should concealer ok this one this one
is really good also to cover up or to
hide your dark the dark spot on your
eyes and then the other one that I have
here is my milk piss group lip gloss i'm
using this
retain its really good okay I'll then
try this big since I'm I don't have any
lipstick or lip gloss on my lips right
now hang on us this one see it's very
natural it helps you to moisturize your
your lips really good ok so that's it
guys I hope that I I give you some tips
ok about the beauty products of it
should house and I hope that I help you
especially if you are planning to buy
some of the beauty products from each it
has ok so again I'm real sorry if im
using my headphone ok so see you again
to my next video ok bye bye have a nice
big to all of you bye